Add disable_surveys config option (#8220)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/js/index.mdx

| `capture_pageleave`<br/><br/>**Type:** Boolean<br/>**Default:** `true`                                                                                                                     | Determines if PostHog should automatically capture pageleave events.                                                            |
| `cross_subdomain_cookie`<br/><br/>**Type:** Boolean<br/>**Default:** `true`                                                                                                                     | Determines if cookie should be set on the top level domain (example.com). If PostHog-js is loaded on a subdomain (test.example.com), _and_ `cross_subdomain_cookie` is set to false, it'll set the cookie on the subdomain only (test.example.com).                                                           |
| `disable_persistence`<br/><br/>**Type:** Boolean<br/>**Default:** `false`                                                                                                                 | Disable persisting user data across pages. This will disable cookies, session storage and local storage.                       |

> | `disable_surveys`<br/><br/>**Type:** Boolean<br/>**Default:** `false`                                                                                                           | Determines if surveys script should load, and whether surveys should show up for users               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `disable_surveys`<br/><br/>**Type:** Boolean<br/>**Default:** `false`                                                                                                           | Determines if the surveys script should load which controls whether they show up for users               |
```

Author: Oh interesting, they can be separate, will edit this to make this clearer

> | `disable_surveys`<br/><br/>**Type:** Boolean<br/>**Default:** `false`                                                                                                           | Determines if surveys script should load, and whether surveys should show up for users               |

Author: ```suggestion
| `disable_surveys`<br/><br/>**Type:** Boolean<br/>**Default:** `false`                                                                                                           | Determines if surveys script should load which controls whether they show up for users, and whether requests for API surveys return valid data  |
```
